B2B digital marketing in 2026 is going through a profound shift. Sure, the fundamentals will still be there. There will be a long buyer journey and there will be multiple decision makers and many of our most successful B2B clients are still using a mix of tried and tested digital marketing channels. They're driving highquality traffic from SEO. They're producing highly authoritative content. They're targeting highly qualified buyers through Google ads and Microsoft ads and LinkedIn ads.

And of course, they're nurturing all of these leads through email marketing campaigns. But the profound shift that's happening in B2B marketing is that buyers aren't just googling anymore. They are having deep, detailed conversations with AI chat tools to find suppliers and partners to work with. And that means that if your brand isn't being talked about by these AI chat tools because you're not being seen on the right websites or you're not posting the right content or you're not visible

in the right searches that these tools are using, then you might become a little bit more invisible in 2026. But of course, if you can get these tools talking about you and recommending your brand and products to your potential buyers, then you're going to see an uplift in sales as many of our clients here at Exposure Ninja are doing. So today we're going to go through three proven digital marketing strategies that helping our B2B clients right now generate more leads and sales through AI. Let's start with an example. If I go

on Perplexity and ask it, I'm trying to choose between HubSpot and Salesforce, it gives me this really detailed breakdown of the comparisons between each different platform. But one of the things that you might notice if you've got a very eagle eye is that neither HubSpot or Salesforce's websites are being referred to in these sources. Yes, that's right. All the information for this answer is being taken from third-party websites. And that means that if you're a B2B brand and you want

visibility in AI search, increasingly that means getting visibility on other people's websites. Now, there are a few ways to do this. You can get featured in industry directories. You can publish your insights on LinkedIn. Or you can write newsletters or get featured on industry roundups. You can pitch thought leadership articles to niche industry outlets. And of course, you could run an affiliate scheme so that loads of different websites are talking about your brand, products, or services, if

you're the sort of thing that affiliates like to talk about. But one powerful weapon in the B2B digital marketing arsenal is digital PR. Now, you might be thinking, digital PR, Tim, Tim, Tim? My business is boring. We're never going to be suitable for digital PR. But my friend, boring is in the eye of the beholder. There is always a way, particularly if you're targeting niche industry publications. One of the companies we own is Pyramid Eco, and they do all sorts of insulation and ventilation for social housing providers

and landlords. Not the sexiest of topics, you might think. Well, no matter how interesting your industry is or not, there are always things that are happening. For example, new legislation, new regulations, new product releases, and you can often find a way of making these newsworthy. So, just to give an example, in Pyramid Eco's world, there is a new law called Awab's law, which is all about ventilation, and it basically means that social housing landlords have to respond to ventilation complaints

within 48 hours. All right, you might still not be excited, but hear me out. Well, as Awab's law was about to come into force, one of the Exposure Ninja team had the genius realization that there will be loads of legal claims launched against social housing landlords. In fact, we found that in the run-up to Awab's law, lots of law firms had been collecting leads ready to launch huge lawsuits against [music] the social housing providers. This is very newsworthy if you're a social housing

provider. So, the amazing George from Exposure Ninja went out to a whole bunch of publications targeting landlords with this news story, and we got lots and lots of features. We even collected quotes from other related organizations and of course featured the founder of Pyramid Eco along with a link back to the website. But what does this have to do with visibility and AI search? Well, of course, if you're being featured on loads of different websites about topics like ventilation, eventually these AI

tools will start to pick up your brand and recommend you more often. Then the next time that these large language models are trained, fed on all of the data from the internet, they'll build up a better understanding of your business and again increase the chances that they'll be recommending you when somebody is asking about these types of topics. Now, digital PR is just an amazing strategy for B2Bs and we've been using it for years, even before it became relevant for AI search. For

example, one of our clients was in the takeaway packaging space and they sold takeaway packaging to restaurants. Again, not the sexiest product in the world, but it's something where digital PR worked really well. Getting them featured in loads and loads of publications really helped push their ranking on Google. And within 9 months, we increase their traffic by 361%. One of the great things about getting featured in these types of publications is that the traffic is really qualified. In the takeaway packaging example, their

website was converting at over 11% because the traffic landing on that site was so qualified. And in 2026, visibility on third-party websites through strategies like digital PR is only going to become more important. I'm just in profound here, which is an AI search tool that allows you to see what your visibility is like uh with different AI platforms. And we're looking across a whole bunch of different AI platforms here at the prompt best lowcost ETF providers. But what I want to show you is the

percentage of these websites which are actually ETF providers. [music] And there's hardly any of them. Almost all of these websites are thirdparty websites. It's not the Black Rockcks. It's not the Vanguards that are being linked here. This is third-party authority sites. You can see they're under the category earned, which means these are earned mentions. You can see how many of them are being featured. And you can see the proportion of earned website citations versus actual businesses. All of these most cited

websites are third-party websites. So, in 2026, think about how you can get your brand talked about across the internet, even if you're boring. Strategy number two is targeting problems, not just keywords. And this is particularly important if you're a niche business and you're offering something that people aren't usually searching for. Again, let's start with an example. We had a client for many years that sold continuous performance management software. You don't know what that is?

It doesn't matter what that is. But this was something that not many people are searching for. In fact, according to Semrush in the UK, only about 20 people are searching for that every month. And when we started working with them, zero people were searching for that every month because this was a new term that we and they had coined. So what were we going to do? How are we going to get them traffic on Google and other platforms if nobody was looking for what they were searching for? Whilst they

might sell continuous performance management software, that's not usually what people were looking for. People were looking for things like how to motivate their employees or how to reduce employee churn or they might have been searching for appraisal templates not realizing that there's a better way to manage employee performance than just doing annual appraisals. So instead of focusing purely on product related keywords i.e. continuous performance management software instead we built our

content strategy around targeting these problem keywords where there were established search volumes. We could then position our client's software as a solution to that problem even though 5 minutes ago that searcher might not have even known what continuous performance management software was. And by the way, this approach works super well for them. This approach started generating them tens of thousands of visits a month and eventually led to a sale for $33 million in cash. Now, of course, AI search is

also changing how people find solutions to their problems. These AI tools like ChatGpt and Google's AI mode are complex and they run multiple searches in the background using something called the query fan out technique. Let me show an example. I'm just going to ask Google's AI mode. I'm getting really fed up with manually managing my team's leave days. What can I do? Now, this will be a problem raised by someone who probably needs some form of HR software. So, let's see what Google's AI mode does.

Well, you can see it's run five searches across dozens of different websites to compile this answer. And you can see that although I didn't know what the solution to my problem was, Google has answered my question by recommending that I check out some leave management software. And it's given me links to a few different platforms which have content that is well optimized for best leave management software queries, even though that's not what I searched for. So the key to picking up visibility like

this is to understand the types of queries that firstly your customers are asking and then the types of queries that these AI tools are running in the background then producing content that is optimized for those to show up. If you can get ranked well for a few of these different searches, when a tool like AI mode runs those searches and keeps seeing your brand, your website being featured, it's a lot more likely to recommend you, particularly if your content has strong EAT and is formatted

for easy AI extraction. In this case, Vacation Tracker is doing really well. They're the first website cited on the right hand panel. They are the top recommendation in the AI mode answer and they also have a YouTube video feeding through here as well. They've done a good job of optimizing their content for the right search terms and they've made that content AI scannable so Google finds it easy to recommend them in AI mode. And by the way, if you want help with this type of stuff for your

business, this is exactly what we do for clients. The team at Exposure Ninja have specialist departments for AI search, content marketing, email, pay-per-click, web development, and conversion rate optimization. So, we can help you generate more leads and sales through your digital marketing over the next year, including through tools like AI Search. The first step, if you're interested in working with us, is to request a free digital marketing review from the team. All you need to do is go

to exposuringinja.com and click the big button to request your review. We'll ask you for a bit of information about your business and your marketing goals over the next 12 months. One of the team will then take a look at your website and your presence across a whole bunch of digital platforms and they'll recommend you a prioritized action plan in a video which they record specially for you. This service is completely free of charge and it is fantastic, but not everybody is eligible. So, you do need

to apply for this over at exposurinja.com. B2B digital marketing strategy number three to win in 2026 is to borrow some BTOC principles for your B2B website. At this point, we've analyzed tens of thousands of B2B websites over the years through our free website and digital marketing review. And to be totally honest, a lot of them fall into the same traps. They're often jargonheavy. They have unclear calls to action. They have dull, blocky layouts, zero personality, and they're often written from the

business's perspective rather than the perspective of the potential customer. Now, one of our businesses, Elite Renewables, works on an industrial estate. So, I thought to illustrate this point, I'd just have a look at some of the websites for some of the other businesses on the industrial estate. Hopefully, no one's going to slash my tires, but here we go. Here's the first one. Unfortunately, they're missing some key information like target locations. Um, there's no real CTA to speak of.

There is a contact us, but other than that, I don't know what I'm going to get from that. There's no incentive for me to contact them. And whilst they tell me what they do, I've got no real idea about how they're positioned, what makes them different, why I should choose them against any competitor. Having said that, the website does at least look like it was designed in the last 10 years, even if the SEO is incredibly [snorts] poor. Now, here's the next one. I actually know the guy, so I'm not going

to talk about this one too much because I don't want to be mean. But you're probably not going to have a very high conversion rate if your contact form includes an apology about why the contact form isn't working. And this one, yeah. Now, here's the thing. Just cuz you're B2B doesn't mean that your website can't be working really hard to generate you leads. I don't care if your website is getting 100red visits per day. If you can be converting 5 to 10 of those, that's a really good result. But

to do that, your website needs to be working really, really hard calling out your perfect target customer and incentivizing them to take the next step with you. And we've got a high ticket B2B client called Transparent. They offer something called Procure to Pay Solutions. They grown through outbound sales and referrals like lots of good quality B2B companies do. But they knew that if they wanted to continue expanding globally, they needed their website to be working really hard so they could drive digital traffic to it

and turn that traffic into leads. Now, we actually took a similar approach with transparent as we would for a BTOC client. We first went through something called the brand and positioning accelerator to understand who the buyers were of this product. What the key messages were that were going to resonate with those buyers and where transparent stood in the market against their competitors. That would allow us to craft a message on this website that actually resonates. We then designed a website which looks clean and

professional but not too boring. We didn't want it to look too dull. We then designed them a clean and professional website which used things like mega menus, trust signals, strategically placed calls to action, and of course, we built the whole thing with SEO in mind, ready for future campaigns. Now, this approach secured transparent 51 highly qualified leads in just 4 months, which was a fantastic result for a business of this size. It also got us shortlisted for the standout B2B website of the year at the UK Digital Excellence

Awards. Although, damn it, we didn't win. Although, we did win the standout BTOC website of the year. Pretend this is a B2B video. Making sure that your website is designed with these key principles in mind is going to matter even more in 2026. Why? Well, because it won't just be humans navigating your website. Yes, AI tools and AI agents are also now navigating your website. And we need to design with those in mind as well. So what does this mean? Clear and simple checkout processes if you have

them. Very clear product and service descriptions written in plain text. Drop downs and selectors that are easy for the machines to use. Making sure that reviews and any pricing data are included and visible in the text as well as any structured data behind the scenes. Keeping your page load speed under 2 seconds. Clean crawl path with logical internal linking. XML sitemaps and of course no crawling blockers. If all of that sounded a bit strange, then just request a free digital marketing review from the team at Exposure Ninja

and we'll get you sorted. So, as B2B digital marketing moves into 2026, the fundamentals won't change. Yes, you're still going to have a reasonably long sales cycle. And yes, you're probably going to have multiple decision makers. And the main digital channels are also still going to work really well. SEO, content marketing, paid search both through Google and Microsoft, paid social on LinkedIn, email marketing, those channels are still going to work. But the big elephant in the room, the

big shift is this change to AI search and your customers using AI to find you hopefully. To keep making the most of that, leverage digital PR, content marketing, covering the problems that people have, not just your solution. And of course, making sure that your website feels a bit more B to C than industrial estate. The big platform shift that is happening right in front of our eyes right now is AI search optimization. So, go and watch this video if you want to find out exactly how to do that and

build that into your digital marketing strategy for the next year. Until next time, see you

