I was trading emails with the founder. He said to me, TK. I've got Mackenzie as my marketing strategist and I've got Wilson Santini on my legal side. He, of course, was not talking about the actual firm, Mackenzie or Wilson Santini. He was talking about his laptop himself and his cloud code instance. I saw something else at the same time. Anthropic. They have over 22 open positions just in their San Francisco office. Hiring for marketers OpenAI also has four product marketing positions,

paying upwards of $300,000 for marketing. Here's a big question. What are these AI companies know that this founder does it, and that maybe I don't and you don't. It turns out that there is a right way and a wrong way to use AI for marketing today. So in this episode, I'm going to walk you through that three strategies that are actually working for SAS marketing today. First I'm going to walk you through the three core principles that you absolutely need to know. Then I'm going to actually show

you receipts. I'm going to show you the actual case studies to show you why these principles work today. And then finally, I'm going to show you exactly how to win and apply these principles using AI. And by the time you implement these principles and you actually implement these marketing strategies using AI the right way, you will be able to accelerate your path to the next stage of growth. Intro. What's everybody? Welcome to unstoppable. I'm TK and on this channel I help SAS and the AI founders

like you grow your business and faster with an unstoppable strategy. Now, if you're new to this channel, welcome. I drop an episode every single Sunday with actual strategies and tactics from the trenches on how to grow your business faster. So if you haven't already, be sure to hit the subscribe button and that bell icon you'll get notified every single time I drop an episode with the TC energy. Now, if you already part of this community for part of my coaching programs, my people, welcome back.

It's really awesome to see over here. all right. So here's how we're going to break down this video. First I'm going to walk you through the three principles that you absolutely need to know on how to make SAS marketing work today. The strategies that are actually working. I'm going to explain to you why these work. I'll show you actual receipts. And then finally we're going to end with how to actually win and apply these principles. Now, the reason I know this is I have over 20 years of experience in SAS

marketing at SAS Go and Market and SAS sales. my last SAS company told app, pioneered the entire outbound sales engagement space. We're backed by recent Horowitz and Jackson Square Ventures. We scale the company and then sold it to a market leader called Marketo. Marketo was the pioneer in demand generation and marketing platforms. I was SVP of Strategy at Marketo. After the acquisition did a two year transformation, then we sold Marketo to Adobe for $4.75 billion. After that, I started my current

company, unstoppable. This is where I work with AI and SAS founders to build a differentiate, go to market strategy and actually accelerate growth. Today I have helped hundreds of founders at millions of dollars of IRR to their growth lines and their top lines. And these principles that I'm about to share with you are the exact principles that I teach to actually help them succeed. So if you're excited again, go and smash that like button for the YouTube algorithm. And let's dig in. Principle number one.

the first principle is to actually build out in your marketing strategy, ideal customer profile. Now, if you actually look a little bit closer to that OpenAI listing that I show they listed for four product marketing positions for each of their product lines. And a lot of times when it comes to marketing, people conflate the different disciplines of marketing that exists. There's three disciplines of marketing. The first discipline is product marketing. The second is brand marketing, and the third is demand

generation marketing. Now, brand marketing comes much later for companies that says when you talk about the colors and the logo and the brand, no one actually cares because no one knows you. But product marketing and demand generation marketing are the two core pieces for startups to succeed, and OpenAI is hiring product marketers. One of the biggest things that product marketers figure out is the ideal customer profile. And the second principle that I'll be sharing with you this is why I really wanted to highlight

why the AI companies that are actually selling you clock code, and ChatGPT and even Gemini are hiring humans to use their eye because there are certain things that really need to be determined, not just by AI and one shotting it, but by humans that have experience in figuring these pieces out. So the first principle that really goes into building out your marketing strategy will work in 2026 is defining your ideal customer profiles. When done in the right way. There are few key decisions that you'll make.

The first one is your positioning. The second is your segmentation. And the third is your competitive differentiation. And. Now you could go into cloud code or ChatGPT or Gemini and say, hey, this is the product that I sell. This is the target customer that I want to sell to. Please figure out my positioning, segmentation, and differentiation. I can turn on deep research and you can run it, but you've probably experienced this more than once. Where? I will come back with a very neat and clean answer.

You can do the deep research. You run the answer, I'll give you an answer, and then you can actually give it some unique new piece of information. You can say, well, actually, I forgot to mention, this is one of the key things that really differentiates us. Now, almost immediately, I will come back with a completely different answer. This is a conundrum that exists today. This is why every single founder out there has access to clock code Gemini ChatGPT you name it, they could be on the Max ultra version.

In fact, you probably know that the people inside of anthropic have access to two years of their own AI platform. They're ten times more powerful than what we're given for $200 a month. And even given that they're paying hundreds of thousands of dollars to real marketers to work with the AI, to actually figure out what the ideal customer profile is, what the positioning is, what the segmentation is, what the competitive differentiation is. This doesn't mean that you don't use AI.

They're still going to use AI. They're probably going to use an even more powerful version of AI than we have access to in the public. But at the same time, they're hiring experienced people and paying them anywhere from $200,000 to $320,000 to actually work with the AI to make distinctions around this. So the first thing that you really want to be doing in your marketing strategy, in figuring out how to actually take your company to market and scale growth, is figuring out your ideal customer

profile. And it's not just about saying, oh, we only want to target companies that have 50 to 100 employees in North America that are in manufacturing. I just made that one up that maybe you're ICP. It's not just about that, but it's digging deeper and really understanding what is our positioning compared to the others in the market. How do we segment the market and focus on a specific part? How do we actually differentiate ourselves and actually position ourselves against the competition,

given all the factors that are out there? And a lot of times the competition is not just another software provider, it could just be an Excel spreadsheet, or it could be doing  Apathy, which is the greatest competitor software even for AI companies today. All right. So that's the first principle you need to know. And don't worry, I won't go through the three principles. And then we're going to talk about why each of them are valid. And then I'm going to show you how to win. So I'll cover all of these pieces.

Now the second principle, as you're figuring out and deploying your marketing strategy, and I'll get into the actual, plays that are working really well in 2026, and I'll show you the data in the why section. The second piece that really comes into play is what I call the manifesto. Now, the over time, I've been talking about manifestos in this channel for a very long time, and I've seen horrific versions of it. Some people think that the manifesto is you getting on a soapbox

and putting a tab on your website saying manifesto and just talking at people about why you're the best. That's not what a manifesto is. There's some specific settings that go into building a proper manifesto. Another name for this is your strategic narrative. Now, based on your positioning, your segmentation, your competitive differentiation, there's a few things that you have to define. The first, most simplest thing, especially when you're in the early stages, if you're trying to go from, say, zero

till your first ten K, remember are the core basic theme that you really need to define is your value proposition. This is exactly how you explain what you do, why you're ten times better, and what the problem is. So in a very succinct way, in a one sentence kind of way, and this will feed into whatever cold email ads, organic, social, whatever you want to actually do in terms of marketing execution. The second thing is your strategic narrative. And it's your core messaging. If the value proposition

is your one sentence explanation of what you do, what problem you solve for your four, and why you're ten times better, the messaging is how that value proposition is actually deployed across key assets on your marketing. This could include your homepage, which I know you're changing because you're still figuring it out. Or your outbound email in a subject line or an ad or a lead magnet, you name it, the messaging is going to determine what all those things are. And so determining your value proposition

and your messaging is an exercise you have to go through. This is a great example of another job post I found for anthropic. Anthropic is actually hiring for ahead of go to market narrative, And they're paying anywhere between 300 and $20,000 to over $400,000 for this role. And when you dig into that job description, they're basically asking people to say, hey, we need you to figure out our broader message, our strategic narrative. We need you to figure out our messaging on how to actually

differentiate ourselves from the obvious competitor, open AI. We need to actually educate people about the common objections and fears that they have about our brand, so that we can actually deploy this messaging out into all of our marketing and sales motions. That's how important this piece is. And it's so important that I can't just solve it. You can't just go to your realtor and say, hey, these are built my manifesto. Go watch all of TK's videos and build my manifesto. That won't work.

You will get a result. You will get an answer. It will always give you an answer. I will never tell you. Hey, I don't know the answer. I will never tell you. Hey, we've got some real headwinds, and we don't know how to message against that. And we may need to figure out the product piece. I will never tell you. Hey, this is what I'm concerned about, and this is what I'm hearing from the market. And here are five different ways we can go. But this is a strategic decision. We could should talk through it.

Yeah, I won't be able to do that. Which is why even entropic and open AI is paying hundreds and thousands of dollars to actually have humans use the AI to make these decisions and talk through them and make the right calls. So that's principle number two. You got to build out your manifesto based on your ideal customer profile. A lot of times, one of the biggest pitfalls that I see what founders are at the stage is they try to go after two ISP's. And I've seen this with founders at ten K,

and there are upwards of founders at 5 million or 10 million in error. And the problem is you can't go after multiple ISPs. However, you need to actually be staffed appropriately and budgeted appropriately to separate out the areas of focus and execute against those target ISPs. So take the open AI job description again, for example. They're hiring a product marketing person for different areas for different ISPs. That's how you have to do it. You try to get one person and one eye to just figure all this out.

You'll be neither here nor there. So you always have to decide, well, do I want to take these multiple ISPs and do I have enough attention, time, budget and resources to go after it? Or am I better off actually focusing on one ISP my better off to first conquer this ICP and then expand from there, which essentially is going to really depend on your budget, your resources, your time, your team size, and your attention span. So you'll have to figure out if you can go after multiple ISPs, because for each ICP

you go after, you all have to have a different manifesto and a different motion that you actually execute on. Now, before I get into the number three, which we'll get into the specific details of the actual tactics that are working today for these SaaS marketing strategies in 2026. Let me pause here for a second. The key here is before you send a cold email. And I started Todd out. We literally were one of the people that invented the sales engagement category, which is $5.2 billion right now,

which will probably start shrinking because of agents. But that's for a different episode. We literally started this. I worked at Marketo, which was the OG demand generation platform. The biggest thing that you'll notice here is before you send a cold email, before you run a campaign, before we launch a lead magnet, before you update your website, before you run ads, before you have Claude code or McKinsey in your case, actually write a blog post or revamp your website. You haven't done any of those things yet.

You have to figure out your ICP and your manifesto. These two pieces are what sets the foundation of AI being effective, of actually giving it the right inputs so that it gives you the right outputs. So if you're starting to see the power in this, can I just get a yes in the comments below and also smash that like button while you go down there. It just loves it when you do that. Also, if you're in this stage where you're figuring out your ideal customer profile, your manifesto, you're trying to use the right

AI tools to actually mobilize all of this and pick the right tactics. If you're in this stage where you really try to figure out what are the right set of steps we need to follow so that we are effective in driving pipeline and driving growth for our AI and SaaS business. And this is why I created my SaaS go to market coaching program. Inside this program, I work with you to flesh out your ICP, your manifesto, and then actually run the marketing motions that creates pipeline that converts to revenue growth.

So if you're interested in learning more, just follow the link in the details below. You don't have to go anywhere right now. I'll link to it below. I'll tell you more about it at the end of this episode. Let's go to principle number three. Principle number two. And by the way, smash that like button for YouTube algorithm. It really does love it when you do that and say yes in the comments. Comments are my love language. All right. Number three. Number three is once you have these two things,

you essentially have your go to market and marketing strategy. And don't let the word strategy confuse you. It's not fancy, it's just choices. You made choices here. And only you can make these choices. Once you've done that, then comes the third pillar, the third principle, which is your Broadway. I call this the Broadway show. I forgot the let's put that over there Broadway show. The reason I call this the Broadway show is one of the biggest mistakes I've seen early stage companies make

is they get scatterbrained. They're like, oh, they're doing TikTok yesterday, LinkedIn today, Twitter tomorrow, ICP today, ICP tomorrow, years pass by and they're like, we don't know what's going on. We don't know why we can break through. The reason this happens is you're scatterbrained and marketing only works when you run in three week iterations. You running for three weeks, you collect the data, you look at the insights, you iterate. If you get scatterbrained, then you will never get enough data

to really understand whether your manifest during your ICP is working. So I call this a Broadway show. You create it once and you run it for a three week period, and if it works well, then you scale it. If it doesn't work, then you iterate on it and you run it again, and then you scale it. So that's what a Broadway show is. And by the time you're getting into running a Broadway show, you have real clarity on what your ideal customer is, what your positioning is, what your segmentation

is, what your competitive differentiation is, what your value proposition is, and what your messaging is. Those are all the inputs that go into pretty much any sort of execution machine that you go into, whether it's outbound or inbound or ads or SEO, you name it. the Broadway show is this framework, this strategy that I follow to get consistent on the execution. Now, there's a few things that go into the Broadway show, for every single time I work on a company and getting the marketing

strategies going, I follow a very specific set of tactics. And this is what's working in 2026. Today, the first thing that we do is organic social. So we take our messaging, we take our manifesto, and we turn it into an actual, asset. Our lead magnet that we can use. And we take the messaging and we start deploying in an organic social. And our core metric for this is pipeline and then revenue. That's the core metric. So anything that we do has a yield and pipeline and revenue. This is remember

I was telling you early in the episode where there's three big disciplines of marketing, there's brand marketing, product marketing and dimension marketing. Well a lot of times you'll hire like a fractional CMO or a junior marketer and they're like, oh, we got a million likes today. And you look at the bank account and you're like, well, we can close any deals. And so I'm losing money on this. So we had this mantra of we don't need to do brand marketing that can come later.

What we really focus on is product marketing, which is the ICP and the manifesto and demand generation marketing, which means pipeline that likes. So we want actual leads that are converting to revenue. So the first place we test this, the ICP and the manifesto is organic social based on the performance of organic social. Then we move it over to paid social. So if it worked in organic it's going to work in paid. So we do this for three weeks. If it works then we convert to paid social. We pay money.

That way we don't have to become a content creator or an influencer. That's not the job that you're in. That's not why you became a founder, at least not primarily. You want to sell software so you can convert to paid social where you go to the platform and say, look, this is my ICP, this is my messaging. I know it works on organic social. It's I know it's going to work and paid, take my money and I more leads and it just crushes. As we get paid social going. Then we turn on outbound

because we know this messaging is working. We also do it in a way where if they look at our outbound, they'll see our paid social. So there's a dual flagged attack, and then we turn on, additional sources like SEM, SEO and even events. And I'm not saying just lurking around in event I'm talking, like, really putting money behind an event and going there because, you know, your messaging works, you can afford the booth, you can afford the dinner, and you can really do a proper marketing event.

But those come later. So that's how we run a Broadway show. We run a Broadway show where we're optimizing for pipeline and revenues. We start with organic, social. We then do page social, then outbound, then the other pieces like SEM, SEO and events. So you can kind of scale it out that way. As you start to gain momentum and each of these become more and more scalable. So it kind of starts unscalable and then you becomes more and more scalable. And while we're doing this, we're making sure that we're

collecting the right metrics. We're drawing insights. This is where humans come in handy to draw those insights and make sure we're not making dumb mistakes. And then we actually, execute and scale. And that's where I become super powerful. Now, by the way, in each of these phases, you can use AI. There's tools for AI, for your ICP, there's tools for AI, for your messaging, and of course, as tools for AI, for executing your Broadway show. And there's good tools and there's bad tools,

but none of this works unless you have the right fuel. And the fuel is the ICP, the proper ICP, the manifesto, the proper messaging, and then the right set of Broadway show events so that you can execute, collect data and iterate so that you can actually get answers, look at it, apply taste, apply judgment, apply wisdom, have it, tweak it, and then get to the right answer. That's how this whole piece works. I promise you that not only would I show you the actual principles and the actual tactics

that would bring receipts, so let's actually dig into some of the receipts, because every single time I work with someone, I work with a founder going through my go to market program, we first at ICP size, then we do the manifesto and then we run the Broadway show. And as a Broadway show works. We scale it out. So the reason I know these three pieces work is because I do it all day and every day with founders. So what I want to show you is the exact metrics we monitor for and how we scale. What I want to show you

is what the end state looks like, meaning as it's scaling, what it looks like, and what I want to show you is, eventually how you actually get to winning. these are the actual receipts that I brought. These are actual case studies. These are actual snapshots of dashboards, with clients that we work with. And I'll show you some of the numbers and some of the data that we track as we're scaling each of these marketing strategies. So for this particular one, this is an actual dashboard of the tool that we use

to run these Broadway shows. It's called instead. And it shows you traffic conversion and activation. Traffic is how much attention we're getting on a day to day basis. Conversion is how many leads that we're getting, and activation is how many of those leads are taking the next step in the process, actually activating to look at booking a call or starting a trial, whatever it may be. And underneath each of these, you'll see actual data that we look at on conversion rates and activation rates by channel.

So whether you're doing Facebook or LinkedIn or Twitter or a CRM, a widget in your home page, you name it, we track all of it and we use that data and those insights to actually scale it. So for this particular one, you'll notice that they generated about 129 leads and 53% of them took, activate. It took that next step to look at, whether to book a call or to start a trial. And it kind of goes from there. And as you look a little bit closer into this, the conversion rate, the blended conversion rate is 26%,

meaning for people that we're getting the attention of in our inbound lead funnel. In this particular case, 26% are converting to a lead and 53% are looking at the next step. And so just disappearing after the primary channels when you look into it is LinkedIn. That's the primary channel. And the second primary channel is the corporate website. So I'll explain both of those in a second. LinkedIn organic. If you're in B2B, SaaS and I LinkedIn organic is one of the best. And so in this particular, inbound funnel

we started with LinkedIn organic. And it was scale to K. And you'll notice that LinkedIn organic has a 43% conversion rate paid has a 14% conversion rate for pate. That's pretty good. But one of the things you don't quite see here is we're also scaling the organic content with paid content. There's a way to do that. So that's why we're getting the lion's share of leads and high conversion rates right from LinkedIn organic. The second place where this particular funnel is getting

a lot of leads, is the corporate website. When people go to your corporate website, only 10% of people on average actually take the next step, whether it's booking a call or starting a trial, the rest just lead. So in this case, 42% of, people are actually taking the lead magnet instead of just leaving, which is really great. Now there's a nuance over here out of the people that are clicking on the lead magnets on the home page, half of them, 42% of them are taking becoming a lead. But that's still very powerful.

Instead of just losing people for ever, or just being super creepy and cold, emailing them, saying, hey, I saw that you were on my website and they're like, how did you know that? That's weird. Stop. creeping on me. the power in this is you're seeing that they've mobilized LinkedIn on the corporate website as lead sources. They've played around with Facebook and Twitter. But this is part of, you know, just using your judgment and using insights and iterating, you know, like, look, it's just not worth it.

Twitter's not worth it. We only got seven leads. Facebook. It's like kind of garbage. So we're not going to do this for this ICP hundred 29 leads 53% activation rate. this works. You do the ICP, you create the manifesto, you launch the Broadway show, and then you can scale it. In this case, they don't have to do another organic post ever again. They just keep scaling their ad spend. They keep getting more leads and they just focus on taking the activations and converting them. That's all there is now,

which is super powerful. All right. So that's just one. Let's go to the next one. This one's slightly different because every ICP is different. Every message is different. The positioning is different. competitors are different. So in this particular one they have generated 616 leads. So that's over here. They're seeing a 19% conversion rate. And 27% of them are getting to the next step. And their primary one is Facebook. They figure it out very quickly. Like, look, our ICP is not on LinkedIn,

but they are on Facebook and they are on Instagram, which is great. one of the things that they did is they launched it. And with Facebook, organic is a little bit tougher. You got to jump to page, but there's some ways to test it. So eventually they start scaling with Facebook paid. And not only are they getting a 20% conversion rate on paid traffic, 22% are getting to the next step, which is super awesome. One thing to keep in mind, and we'll show this in the next one, is we also measure traffic quality.

So when we get a lead we kind of have them self-identify to understand is this an ICP lead or not an ICP lead? Instead also does this thing where, we don't fire a conversion pixel unless it's an ICP lead. So trains the ad algorithms to send you more ICP leads, which is super powerful. So in this case, you'll notice that they have a 52% traffic quality, meaning half the leads are ICP leads had a half. All right. over time it's going to be training the Facebook algorithm to send more ICP leads

because we're only firing the the lead pixel when it's an ICP lead and when they're activated. So that's super powerful. Okay, now let me show you the third one. This is a different one. I have something else to highlight on this one. 982 visits, they have generated 201 leads, 21% conversion rate. This is super interesting. 49% conversion rate on LinkedIn, organic. But this particular funnel, they're not posting organically anymore. They're just not. It's just all ads.

They've taken their best organic posts, turn it into paid. It just cranks 6% activation rate. This is what I was talking about. This is an opportunity. Now we know the data. We know that leads coming in 80% traffic quality linting is always it's just a bit more expensive but way higher quality. So they're getting 80%. So they're like, oh these leads are awesome. And now we can look at this and say, what do we need to work on. How do we iterate this? How do we scale this. And it's very clear

that the activation rate is the next thing, the fix. And you can actually focus on that and tweak that. All right. And the last one I'll show you, over here. So I told you I'd bring receipts. By the way, if you're getting value from this, if you're getting excited about this, go to smash that like one for the YouTube algorithm. We're going to finish up this last Broadway showcase study. And then I'm going to teach you how to win. The last one is again, LinkedIn is the primary channel 495.

Visit 159 leads LinkedIn organic just crushing it paid is turned on 74% traffic quality 15% activation. And you'll notice that this went down by 42%, which means that they made a change and the number went down. So now the team can look at and say, hey, what change do we make it instant flags it for you. And so they're like, maybe we need to tweak this so you can actually move these things very slightly. And the yield totally changes. Which is why I love this Broadway show principle, because you take basically,

three week view, you capture the metrics, you look at the insights, and then you iterate and it just gets better and better and better and better and better. So if you look at the data, you can just like, okay, cool. We can see how we can actually scale this, which is super powerful. Okay. So this is what I was telling you. I wanted to show you why this clearly works. These are actual case studies of, people implementing the ICP, building the manifesto, running the Broadway show. They start with organic,

then move their way down to page social and then outbound, and then all the other pieces. And these all stack on top of each other. Meaning you start with organic, social. That fuels a page social, the page social works. Then you can do outbound. And even if they come on your website, they'll find the page social. And then you can do sem because you really know what the customer is, what they're searching for, and you can invest it in. then you can do SEO because you know, what works at SEM,

you can invest in those keywords, and then you can show up to an event. And even if they just meet you once, you're going to be everywhere after they meet you because you're kind of have all these pieces work for you. So they all stack it really incredible way. And this is one of the things that I think that people don't realize the difference between marketing versus sales and the relationship between them, go to market is marketing plus sales. Marketing is one of many. So this is one to many

and sales is 1 to 1. And this is one of the things that a lot of people don't realize where marketing is infinitely scalable. Once you get your Broadway show working and you got paid social going and it's converting to real meetings and pipeline and trials, you can infinitely scale that. There's always a question, okay, maybe we need to tweak our pricing strategy so we can spend more on marketing, and each customer is more profitable, but you can infinitely scale that. Whereas sales is a 1 to 1 game.

You need to hire more people to reach more people, more salespeople, more stars. I know that there's stars, but like, if they really work that well, then every company would be crushing it. And clearly they're not. So it still requires taste and humans to be effective in outbound and also with sales. If sales is your only way to get actual new pipeline outbound emails have a 1% response rate, whereas marketing you saw some of these numbers in terms of traffic conversion activation, it's way more different

and you can scale it up. So marketing is one to many and sales is 1 to 1. The other thing a lot of people don't realize on why this is so powerful is the better the marketing, the easier the sale. Because if the first time someone's hearing about is through a cold email and then they book a call, they know nothing about you. There is no trust. But if they're coming through this entire marketing motion, then they know you. They trust you more. They've been educated by you. They've been nurtured by you.

By the time you get to sales, the sale is that much easier because a lot of that trust has been built. So a lot of times the reason this works so well is a lot of times people don't understand the difference between sales and marketing and how marketing really is a ten on the sales process. Now let's talk about how to win. So this is your actual checklist on how to it, in order to win and deploy these marketing strategies that are working and winning today, even with AI, you want to do this the right way.

You want to make sure you have the right human eye loop so that you're getting the right results instead of just try to one shot it. first you want to figure out your ICP. Then you want to figure out your manifesto. And there are ways of using AI as you doing this, but that the AI has to be research and the human has to be judgment. And this is why anthropic and OpenAI is paying hundreds of thousands of dollars. Humans with judgment and experience to direct the AI, because the AI on its own

doesn't know how to do it effectively. So those are the first two. And then you want to do Broadway show and would Broadway show. You want to make sure you're optimizing for leads, pipeline and then conversion. And conversion could be product lead or sales lead. And you want to go in that order. And as you get that full flow going, then you want to look at your pricing so you can scale. That's going to be an important component. And then the mantra you want to actually, embrace is actually measuring

the metrics, drawing the insights and then executing the scale. And that way you can kind of ratcheted up and get the full funnel going. So I've covered a lot here. Let's quickly recap. Number one principle that you need to know is you need to build out your ideal customer profile. This is what product marketing is all about. That's the most important aspect of marketing you need to race. Once you have your ideal customer profile, then you build out your manifesto. That's your strategic narrative,

your value proposition messaging, and then you run your runway show. That's a consistent set of sales and marketing activities. Runway show works best when you start it organic. Then go to page and then go to outbound and then do everything else like SEM SEO. There's a longer tail, less data coming back. So they take longer to build. So are these earlier ones. Get data faster. The key thing that you need to do as you're doing all this is you want to establish the right metrics, you want to draw the insights,

you want to keep iterating. It is good to use AI, and you should use AI in each of these phases. But it's important to apply experience and wisdom and judgment as you are making each of these three distinct decisions. ICP manifesto Broadway show. So now you know the best SAS marketing strategies that are working today in 2026, and how to use AI to actually implement them right away. And you know that the best companies, even the AI companies that are selling you their AI, are hiring to do it in this way.

Well, you may not know is tech. How do I actually figure out my ICP? I might be giving me an answer. I don't know if it's right. And I have the judgment and the wisdom and the experience to figure the ICP out, and I'm looking at 2 or 3 different KPIs. What you may not know is, okay, I really need to figure out my messaging and my competitive differentiation. I'm in a crowded market, or I'm in a market where people just don't want to move. They they're apathetic. They're despite their spreadsheet.

Or you may want to figure out, okay, I kind of know my ICP manifesto, but I don't know how to run the Broadway show. I tried one shot and colored code to post on LinkedIn for me. It just didn't get me any leads and barely any likes. Or you might be thinking, well, some of this works. Some of this does it. I don't know what metrics to look at. I don't know what insights to draw. I don't know how to scale in any of these cases. What you're really lacking is a framework to follow

and a guide to actually guide you through this process. That's what's missing. So if you're looking for help in building out your scalable go to market strategy and executing on it so that you can implement these best SAS marketing strategies. This is why I created my SAS Go to market coaching program inside of this program, we follow three key steps. First, please flesh out your ideal customer profile. Once you have your ICP, then we flesh out your manifesto. Now this manifesto is your positioning.

It's your messaging. It's your strategic narrative. It's how you differentiate yourself in the market. Once you have these two pieces, and I have custom AI tools to help you work through these pieces, and I guide you through each of these phases. Then we get to the third pillar. The third pillar is your Broadway show. The Broadway show is a consistent set of sales and marketing activities that you can run to bring your manifesto to your ICP on a consistent basis, built pipeline and convert it to revenue.

It's an incredible program. I already showed you some of the examples of success stories, based on that data, but I've also got so many success stories and case studies on my channel over here. So if you'd like to work together, just go to TK hater.com, slash guitar, ticketmaster.com, slash GTM. On that page you'll get all the details about the program. Now the thing that I've learned is the better the fit, the better the results. So if you'd like to work together, all I ask

is that you fill out a short application. The application will ask you some key questions about who you are, where you are in your business, and what your goals are. I will review that application personally and if it's a fit, I will send you all the enrollment details right away. It's a really streamlined process and we're working with founders that are both SaaS companies and AI companies and I SAS companies. And by the way, yeah, I SAS is my new favorite term because that's where I think

all founders are coalescing. We're building AI software as a service, and it's all coalescing into this unique offering, whether it's an agent, a copilot, or traditional systems of record building out agenda capabilities. So it's an incredible time to be in this world. And it's an incredible program. And I'm home to be working with such incredible founders to help them build out their marketing strategies and unlock growth. So just go to T.K. Carter, our com slash GTM for the application.

And if it's a fit, I'll send you the details. You can enroll and we're off to the races right away. typically founders that join the program, are able to revamp their go to market strategy and start testing their Broadway show within three weeks of joining. It's entirely self-paced. I'll move with you at whatever pace you want. We work together for a full year, but typically within three weeks is when you can start to see results and start to really challenge and transform your go to market strategy.

So just go to Chicken Twitter account slash GTM. Now if you got value from this video, which hopefully you did, if you're still watching, please smash that like button for the YouTube algorithm. It just loves it when you do that. If you have a fellow founder, if you have a team member that would get value from this video, please share this video with them. Be part of a slack group WhatsApp group. Discord group of other founders. We want to serve as many access founders as possible this incredible time

to be building software companies. So please share this video with them. Also, I drop an episode every single Sunday with actionable strategies and tactics from the trenches on how to grow your AI insights business faster. So if you haven't already, be sure to hit the subscribe button and that bell icon. You'll get notified every single time I drop an episode with TC energy. And lastly, remember everyone needs a strategy for their life and their business. When you are with us, yours, it's going to be unstoppable.

I'm TC and I'll see you in the next episode or insight the go to market program. Take care everybody.

